Update mac installation on Mac with apple silicon (#1028)
ManimCommunity/manim: docs/source/installation/mac.rst

First, you need to install Homebrew.  Homebrew is a package manager similar to
``apt`` or ``pacman`` on linux that allows you to install packages easily.  If

> it is not installed, please install it with this command (for Apple Silicon useres, please read first the tip):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it is not installed, please install it with this command (for Apple Silicon useres, please read the tip first):
```

.. code-block:: bash

   ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)" < /dev/null 2> /dev/null

.. tip:: 

>     As of February 2020, the installation with ``brew`` had some issues with scipy and cairo packages in Apple Silicon mode. This can be solved by installing brew in the rosetta2 mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As of February 2020, the installation with ``brew`` has some issues with scipy and cairo packages in Apple Silicon mode. This can be solved by installing brew in the rosetta2 mode.
```

    Therefore, a rosetta terminal needs to be created (see here: https://5balloons.info/correct-way-to-install-and-use-homebrew-on-m1-macs/). 

>     Next, install cairo, ffmpeg and mactex as described below. If not already there, install python 3.9 with ``brew install python@3.9``. Finally, make sure that you are using the right pip version to install manim, e.g. ``/usr/local/opt/python@3.9/bin/python3.9 -m pip install manim``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Next, install cairo, ffmpeg and mactex as described below. If not already there, install python 3.9 with ``brew install python@3.9``. Finally, make sure that you are using the right pip version to install manim, for example by running ``/usr/local/opt/python@3.9/bin/python3.9 -m pip install manim``.
```

>     Therefore, a rosetta terminal needs to be created (see here: https://5balloons.info/correct-way-to-install-and-use-homebrew-on-m1-macs/). In case you installed ``brew`` in the normal terminal before, you have to make sure you are using the correct brew when installing packages. On default, the rosetta brew is located at ``/usr/local/bin/brew`` and the Apple Silicon brew is located at ``/opt/homebrew/bin/brew``(For more details on this, visit 

Author: ```suggestion
    Therefore, a rosetta terminal needs to be created (see here: https://5balloons.info/correct-way-to-install-and-use-homebrew-on-m1-macs/). In case you installed ``brew`` in the normal terminal before, you have to make sure you are using the correct brew when installing packages. On default, the rosetta brew is located at "/usr/local/bin/brew" and the Apple Silicon brew is located at "/opt/homebrew/bin/brew" (For more details on this, visit 
```

>     Therefore, a rosetta terminal needs to be created (see here: https://5balloons.info/correct-way-to-install-and-use-homebrew-on-m1-macs/). In case you installed ``brew`` in the normal terminal before, you have to make sure you are using the correct brew when installing packages. On default, the rosetta brew is located at ``/usr/local/bin/brew`` and the Apple Silicon brew is located at ``/opt/homebrew/bin/brew``.(For more details on this, visit ``https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64882584/how-to-run-the-homebrew-installer-under-rosetta-2-on-m1-macbook``)

Author: ```suggestion
    Therefore, a rosetta terminal needs to be created (see here: https://5balloons.info/correct-way-to-install-and-use-homebrew-on-m1-macs/). In case you installed ``brew`` in the normal terminal before, you have to make sure you are using the correct brew when installing packages. On default, the rosetta brew is located at ``/usr/local/bin/brew`` and the Apple Silicon brew is located at ``/opt/homebrew/bin/brew``.(For more details on this, visit 
 https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64882584/how-to-run-the-homebrew-installer-under-rosetta-2-on-m1-macbook)
```

First, you need to install Homebrew.  Homebrew is a package manager similar to
``apt`` or ``pacman`` on linux that allows you to install packages easily.  If
it is not installed, please install it with this command (for Apple Silicon useres, please read the tip first):

.. code-block:: bash

   ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)" < /dev/null 2> /dev/null

.. tip:: 

>     As of February 2020, the installation with ``brew`` has some issues with scipy and cairo packages in Apple Silicon mode. This can be solved by installing brew in the rosetta2 mode.
>     Therefore, a rosetta terminal needs to be created (see here: https://5balloons.info/correct-way-to-install-and-use-homebrew-on-m1-macs/). In case you installed ``brew`` in the normal terminal before, you have to make sure you are using the correct brew when installing packages. On default, the rosetta brew is located at ``/usr/local/bin/brew`` and the Apple Silicon brew is located at ``/opt/homebrew/bin/brew``.(For more details on this, visit 
>  https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64882584/how-to-run-the-homebrew-installer-under-rosetta-2-on-m1-macbook)
>     Next, install cairo, ffmpeg and mactex as described below with the rosetta brew. If not already there, install python 3.9 with ``brew install python@3.9``. Finally, make sure that you are using the right pip version to install manim, for example by running ``/usr/local/opt/python@3.9/bin/python3.9 -m pip install manim``.

Author: ```suggestion
    As of February 2020, the installation with ``brew`` has some issues with scipy and cairo packages in Apple Silicon mode. This can be solved by installing brew in the rosetta2 mode.
    Therefore, a rosetta terminal needs to be created (see here: https://5balloons.info/correct-way-to-install-and-use-homebrew-on-m1-macs/). In case you installed ``brew`` in the normal terminal before, you have to make sure you are using the correct brew when installing packages. On default, the rosetta brew is located at ``/usr/local/bin/brew`` and the Apple Silicon brew is located at ``/opt/homebrew/bin/brew``(For more details on this, visit 
 https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64882584/how-to-run-the-homebrew-installer-under-rosetta-2-on-m1-macbook ). Next, install cairo, ffmpeg and mactex as described below with the rosetta brew. If not already there, install python 3.9 with ``brew install python@3.9``. Finally, make sure that you are using the right pip version to install manim, for example by running ``/usr/local/opt/python@3.9/bin/python3.9 -m pip install manim``.
```
